[#278] Expand documentation with API definitions, message formats and other technical details. (#325)
eclipse-kanto/kanto: web/site/content/docs/references/file-backup/file-backup.md

---
title: "File Backup API"
type: docs
description: >

>   The file backup service provides the ability to backup and restore to and from a backend storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file backup service allows you to backup and restore data to and from a backend storage.
```
